Initial commit of script for wat_067_rw0_aqueduct_riverine_flood_hazard (#189)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: wat_067_rw0_aqueduct_riverine_flood_hazard/README.md

## Aqueduct Riverine Flood Hazard Dataset Pre-processing

This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to [the Aqueduct Riverine Flood Hazards](https://www.wri.org/publication/aqueduct-floods-methodology) for [display on Resource Watch](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/765e5c3f-f569-4d91-806e-5056c5d1663e).

> The data was provided by the source as four geotiff files. The files were Riverine floods in a business as usual scenario using a flood magnitude of 100 years in 2010 (baseline), 2030, 2050, and 2080.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure I understand this sentence...
```suggestion
The data was provided by the source as four geotiff files. The files showed the risk of riverine floods in a business as usual climate scenario using a flood magnitude of 100 years in 2010 (baseline), 2030, 2050, and 2080.
```
